updog: add page (#6322)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/updog.md

# updog

> A Replacement for Python's SimpleHTTPServer.

> > It allows uploading and downloading via HTTP/S, can set ad hoc SSL certificates and use HTTP basic auth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It allows uploading and downloading via HTTP/S, can set ad hoc SSL certificates and use HTTP basic auth.
> More information: <https://github.com/sc0tfree/updog>.
```

- Start a HTTP server on your current directory:

`updog`

- Start a HTTP server on a specified directory:

> `updog -d /another/directory`

Reviewer: We prefer long arguments if possible:
```suggestion
`updog --directory {{path/to/directory}}`
```

- Start a HTTP server on a specified port:

> `updog -p 1234`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`updog --port {{1234}}`
```

- Start a HTTP server with a password [To login, you should leave the username blank and just enter the password in the password field]:

> `updog --password examplePassword123!`

Reviewer: We use `snake_case` for placeholders:
```suggestion
`updog --password {{password}}`
```

# updog

> A Replacement for Python's SimpleHTTPServer.
> It allows uploading and downloading via HTTP/S, can set ad hoc SSL certificates and use HTTP basic auth.
> More information: <https://github.com/sc0tfree/updog>.

> - Start a HTTP server on your current directory:

Reviewer 2: Generally we try to avoid the 2nd person (e.g. `you`, `your`, etc) in tldr-pages :slightly_smiling_face:
```suggestion
- Start a HTTP server for the current directory:
```

`updog`

> - Start a HTTP server on a specified directory:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Start a HTTP server for a specified directory:
```

`updog --directory {{/path/to/directory}}`

- Start a HTTP server on a specified port:

`updog --port {{port}}`

> - Start a HTTP server with a password (To login, leave the username blank and enter the password in the password field):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Start a HTTP server with a password (To log in, leave the username blank and enter the password in the password field):
```

> - Start a HTTP server with a password [To login, you should leave the username blank and just enter the password in the password field]:

Reviewer 2: Generally we try to avoid the 2nd person (e.g. `you`, `your`, etc) in tldr-pages :slightly_smiling_face:
```suggestion
- Start a HTTP server with a password (To login, leave the username blank and enter the password in the password field):
```

`updog --password {{password}}`

> - Use SSL certificate:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Use a TLS certificate:
```

Author: the --ssl option enables transport encryption via SSL , but not TLS . I will change the Description for that example to something else .

> - To enable transport encryption via SSL :

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Enable transport encryption via SSL :
```
